Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello.
OK, it works. Nice.
Hello.
Oh Johnny,
did you see the the meeting notes dog I
text doc app put in the?
Yeah,
I went through and looked over a little
bit of it.
Yeah,
it was kind of vaguish cause I normally
don't make notes for that other people
have to see.
So but I at least tried to not like get
down some of the important stuff they
sort of said.
Mhm.
Yeah, I'm all, uh,
try to address some of that this meeting,
hopefully.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
Oh, hi.
OK, let's wait for the second team, guys.
And Oh no, actually I have both teams.
Sorry about that. And I have the sponsor.
Believe it or not,
it's such a big relief not to have to
chase after the sponsor because it's me.
Uh, how are you guys doing?
Uh, good.
Doing pretty good.
Yeah, pretty good as me.
Oh.
OK,
so just to remind you the way that this
meetings work, let me pull a deck,
but it's very simple.
You tell me what you've worked on until
since the last since the last meeting.
What you're going to work for no for the
next like during the next week and shall
we meet again?
I guess it's a milestone presentation and
that is the problems in question.
Alrighty.
How long do you want us to wait for
future members?
Oh, that's entirely up to you.
OK, um, I think we have.
Two more that should be coming.
But um, if you would like,
we can start without them.
It's up to you. Again, you can.
We can let the second team go first.
If they'd like to, they can.
They can do that.
All right.
I'm not really sure if we're waiting on
any more people,
but I think we can go ahead and start.
So I guess.
So for um.
Sorry, give me one second.
Mhm.
All right. Um, so since the last meeting,
we kind of finalized our project plan and
um,
we started working on the Milestone 1
requirements.
And for the next meeting,
I assume it's gonna be obviously the
presentation,
but we just started working on like the
formal requirements document,
the the flow charts, user diagrams and.
Just kind of thinking about how the
architecture is gonna be like and we
Oh yeah.
started working on, let me see,
I think yes, user diagram,
the flow charts and the wireframes.
And then some problems that we're running
to is um.
3.
I I believe we're just thinking about
like do we have to use GitHub because
mostly everything's that we're doing is
like mostly Microsoft.
So I think we're just kind of running
into that issue about how we're gonna.
Kind of use GitHub for our project.
Oh, you know,
I don't want this to be your big.
I I want this to be your biggest problem
because we can easily agree on this.
So GitHub is not just for your code,
it's also for your documents.
Follow your pictures and you know that's
your easiest way to share stuff with me.
So yeah, use GitHub,
but I totally understand you know if
there is no code code. But for example,
if you're developing flows in Power
Automate,
I really want this flows to be shared
with me.
Yes, I believe so.
Oh yeah, 100%, because I mean,
I have my flow right now on my screen and
2.
I can show you. And the reason being,
you know, all the brain is is in there.
By the way,
I tried to develop some sample flows.
So I would really love to see yours
because I'm struggling.
All right, thank you.
OK, yeah,
so about the user diagrams about the.
So definitely we need wireframes and
definitely I need your description of
your understanding of the requirements
when it comes to the flow diagrams,
no flow architectural diagram for sure,
for sure.
Sorry,
because we have a lot of components,
right?
I want to understand how you designed
Mhm.
like how stuff is moving between Power
Automate to the database and so on and so
forth.
So this I do want to see now for the.
Flow charts and like user flows.
If this doesn't have any added value for
you guys,
we can talk about it and drop this one.
All right. Got it. Thank you.
Um, for him, Tim,
did you guys want to add anything?
I do have a question about the milestone
meeting that was posted in the Teams
channel. Hold on,
let me pull it up here saying that our
milestone meeting is February 17th.
Are we expected to have everything done
on the 17th 'cause I thought the due date
was the 22nd to turn in milestone one.
OK, OK. So Tim,
two different things on this day when
this is when you present stuff to me,
you're not turning anything to D2L on
this day. This is the day when we meet.
Similar to today and you are doing your
milestone presentation and Donald can
tell you a lot of information about you
know how he what is his expectation from
this presentation then and each is
intentionally scheduled before your
submission date.
Because one of the things you will have
to submit is the recording of the said
presentation.
Makes sense.
So we wanted you to have a chance to
OK. Yeah.
present it before you drop it into D2L
because maybe you want to adjust it.
I mean, that's the requirement,
so we'll always do it before.
OK.
I was just thought like a week was
getting cut off of the due date,
so I was just a little concerned,
but that makes sense.
Yes, yes, definitely. But no, you are not.
And again,
we are doing it so that you are able to
meet your due date because you need to
OK.
submit this recording.
Yes.
So basically on the 17th we need to have
the only thing that we need to present as
the PowerPoint,
but everything else is due on the 22nd.
Correct, correct. And no, no, no.
Wait a second.
OK. Thank you. Thank you.
I don't know what's due on the 22nd.
I don't have access to your D2L.
This is between you and your rofessor.
OK.
Oh, OK. OK.
OK, so from my perspective,
everything which is listed in the spec,
unless there is something we decide to
drop like I just mentioned,
everything should be demonstrated during
this PowerPoint presentation.
You don't have to hand it over to me.
But what your professor expects to be
dropped to D2L, I honestly don't know.
Oh, OK, I see. I see what you're saying.
Alright, I think that's all from our end.
Thank you so much.
And yeah guys,
let me know you know if it's because it
is somewhat confusing.
So this project you're working with with
a client which is me.
I happen to be from in house,
but I'm a client and the client says I
want this and this and this and this from
you.
So you have to give it to me. In addition,
there is your professor who says on this
date I want you to submit stuff to D2L.
So you're kind of you're serving to
different and we're trying to coordinate.
That's why we schedule the milestone
presentation before your submission date
so that you can submit.
this recording. But what else is there?
I honestly don't know.
And if there is any mismatch or if there
is any problem,
just start an e-mail chain with Donald
and myself and we will sort it out.
All right.
OK.
Team two, are you guys, uh, ready to talk?
Yeah.
So basically from what we've done from
the last week's meeting is we have
started developing our project
requirements and as well as developing
our functional and non-functional
requirements for that.
We've already established A GitHub,
which I believe we have added you guys as
collaborators on now.
Yes.
And then we have started develop or
working on our project plan and like a
task breakdown in which if you have a
second,
I'd like to kind of pitch you that and
make sure we have the right idea.
Mhm, sure.
And then we have also started
establishing our development environments
on all of our team members machines.
Sure. Yeah,
I think they are doing good on time
Um.
unless you have questions.
OK.
And what we were thinking for our general
line of development is we,
we wanted to ensure that basically the
idea is we'll have our LLM which will
just intake the transcripts from all the
recordings from Microsoft.
Mm-hmm.
And then what it'll do is it'll just
analyze those transcripts and then go
through and output all of those to the
whether it be like through e-mail or
something to all of the moderators or
admins of the.
Oh,
so I I really would love to see some kind
of dashboard.
OK.
If possible, not specifically me,
but professors wanted it and that you
know it can be very rudimentary.
And again, we can talk about it,
Mm-hmm.
but see if you can accommodate it.
OK. Yeah.
And we actually did add to the questions
thing as of yesterday and today in which
if you could or if someone could answer
some of those questions.
Yeah, I will. But in the future,
just ping me on Teams and tell me that
OK.
the questions are there because I don't
get notified automatically.
OK. Yeah. And sorry about that.
We've we we basically just kinda had them
No magical.
last minute during our meeting yesterday.
Um.
No problem. But you know you don't do it.
You don't get answers. What can I do?
Yes, yeah.
And then it it basically just kind of
goes over like some of the general stuff
Uh.
Oops. Yeah. Mm-hmm.
like one of our main things was was this
project going to be something that like
you guys like because you mentioned like
you wanted your like dev dashboard,
would that be something like you want
like a web?
Page 4 or would it be like a local Apple
machine?
Web page would be beautiful, but you know,
whatever, whatever works best for you.
OK.
Because I know when once you start
hitting Microsoft technology,
you know all the success stuff,
it becomes a little funny.
So see what works.
Yeah, OK.
We should be able to accommodate anything
that you guys need.
We just more so wanted to get an idea of
what you guys would prefer for this kind
of setup.
I would love to have a web app.
OK.
And let me see if there's anything else.
Another thing that we wanted to know,
basically we were a little unsure on
where we'd be getting these transcripts
from if like the users or moderators
would feed them into the.
Path into the application or if it would
just have pathways that it's pulling all
Yeah.
of them from.
Because from our student view we are
Yes. Uh-huh.
limited on what we can really see,
but we know that there are different
directories that all of these are being
stored in.
Yes,
and I'm glad you mentioned it because.
So normally it would see it on the
recording folder, but two things.
First of all, it's really depends.
Like we see, for example,
recording of this meetings don't end up
there,
they end up on Taylor's private OneDrive
because she was the one who scheduled.
And another thing is like how the heck do
I know which which teams do I have to
sample even if it does sit on the
recording?
So somebody will have to go and configure
something.
So for the sake of making it simple.
I think that we can agree that the admin
myself will give the like the the
beginning directory,
you know the the base path.
And from there we can agree on directory
structure that we need to create and dump
the recording.
Sorry the transcripts there in order for
your app to pick it from. So for example,
yeah and I know it makes sense,
OK.
but let me just double check.
So for example.
I am.
So and and probably it will be my
SharePoint something.
So if we say you know I have a new
directory which is called.
Sorry about that,
it's just very annoying screen.
I have a directory under my OneDrive
which is called recordings.
I can I can create a new folder which is
called Spring 2026 and this is the path
that I will feed.
This is the path that I will feed into
your.
Sorry into your application this one
right?
So I'm giving you this and under this
folder we will agree on on the naming
Mhm.
convention.
For example I will create subfolder
saying you know I don't know.
Like uh.
Goodness. Uh.
Something like um.
25 project.
Name. Uh, sorry. Yeah.
And there will be like as many capstones.
There will be as many directories as we
have capstones.
And.
So for this semester for example,
we will have like and you can assume that
all the recordings will go to the
appropriate subfolder.
And again we should agree on the project
name on the subdirectory naming
conventions the way that you can parse it
and.
Get the team like the project name for
example and the project number straight
from the directory and it will be easier
for you to present it this way in all the
emails like this is how you refer to the
recordings.
OK.
And I'll go ahead and add that under like
the questions for like what or I guess
what naming direct or what naming
Yes.
convention you would like for the
projects. Oh.
You tell me. Yeah. Oh, no,
you're you're the boss, right?
It's your application. So just, you know,
tell me what the naming convention should
OK.
OK. All right. And we'll,
we'll establish that and then that'll be
be.
in our project documents.
And then I think I had one more thing.
Mhm.
Would you want this application to be
running in the background or do you want
Sure.
something where administration can turn
it on or off for select projects?
I think it no,
it definitely needs to run on the
background because you know I I need a
near real time notifications.
OK.
I can you know if it's running on the
background I can say press a button and
get an ad hoc report if you're able to to
squeeze it within the scope but the
ongoing monitoring you know it should
scan the directories like.
Every half an hour or so and see what's
going on.
OK.
But please make sure that you are not
rescanning the same transcripts twice.
And um.
OK.
And um, yeah,
and outside of the some of the questions
we just have listed there,
I think that's everything that we have.
Mhm.
Yeah, OK.
So you guys wanted to to go over the
project plan?
I think that that general outline was
pretty much everything we had.
With some of these questions being
answered,
I think we'll be able to get a more
stable project plan by the milestone.
Sure, yeah, whatever works for you.
And because you guys,
unlike the the other team,
you don't need my formal approval before
submitting it, right?
OK.
Oh, yeah, yeah, sorry.
I I'm pretty sure that's the.
That was a question,
but I guess that's the no, no, no.
Software engineering, definitely, yes,
100%, yeah.
Uh, Marcus, uh, Jayden,
do you guys have anything to add to that?
I'm good. I'm good. I have nothing to add.
Oh, none's none's popping up here.
OK.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. And you know, I played with,
uh, Power Automate. I'm not sure you.
Are you guys going to use Power Automate
at all?
Yes.
Currently we have one of our developers,
Uhhuh.
Calvin working on the Power Automate and
I think he's sort,
he's structuring out a little bit and
testing a bit with it.
Yeah,
because what I saw is that it cannot scan
local directories. It really struggles,
but OneDrive it should be able to.
Mhm.
That's where I went. And just remember,
you know,
Mhm.
I'm not sure what you guys using for the
trigger.
But one of the triggers is like when the
the new file arrives,
make sure that before you jump on it and
start tearing it to pieces with your
parsing,
make sure that it stopped growing because
I honestly don't remember.
You know if it's if it only dumps
everything into the transcript once the
meeting is over or it keeps updating and
if it keeps updating then you really
don't want it, just check.
Yeah.
OK.
And I think one of our questions on the
I.
Excel kind of goes over at least one of
Calvin's questions on the triggers about
You know, that's that's a technical,
that's your decision,
like.
you know that's how you solution it.
So the only thing I can share is from my
Oh yeah.
personal experience that when I started
developing this flow, I was thinking,
you know,
I have to check this and of course I
didn't get to it.
Because it can happen that it starts
creating the file.
I'm pretty sure that it doesn't,
but if it does, you will see nasty things.
Mm.
OK.
It will lose half.
And Peter and the second team,
you guys have access to the same Excel.
So once we update it,
you will see all those questions and
answers.
You're more than welcome to add yours.
All right. No worries.
If you have any questions,
we'll add that and then we'll notify you
as well. Thank you.
Yeah. And you will see others.
I understand you probably feel that
you're a little behind,
but actually you're not.
You're just working in a different order,
right?
Mm-hmm.
You you were focused on the project plan
and the second team was focused on,
you know,
different things because the submission
schedule is different.
Yes.
OK, you'll talk to her later then.
And yes. Oh, oh, oh, sorry. Uh huh.
Thank you so much.
One one more thing I wanted to ask.
So one of our team members has a test
conflicting with this meeting for the
milestone.
Is it alright if they are not able to
attend milestone meeting or will we?
If they're not able to attend,
that's all right, but please,
OK.
if they can record their part of the
presentation,
Mm-hmm.
that's what we want to be done.
OK.
Alright, thank you for that.
Mhm.
Thank you so much. Have a great day.
See you.